Wow, you're actually reading this? That's amazing. 
This will hopefully become my framework for any Ogre3d related projects.

-License-- ---------- ---------- ----------

Copyright (c) 2011 TechnoBulldog

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
arising from the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
freely, subject to the following restrictions:

   1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
   claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
   in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
   appreciated but is not required.

   2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
   misrepresented as being the original software.

   3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source
   distribution.

-Notes---- ---------- ---------- ----------

As far as I know, this code is compatible with Windows only. If someone could
show me how to make it more compatible or offer to do it themselves, that would
be accepted and very much appreciated.

I'm not expert on source code licenses, but read the one above for information.
If there are problems with it, let me know. Uses the zlib license. It basically
says you can use this for anything you'd like as long as it doesn't contain
adult or illegal themes, you must not claim this software as your own, you
must clearly mark all of your changes within the code should you redistribute
it, and this license must not be removed from files where it already is. Oh,
and you don't have to acknowledge that it's my work, but that would be
greatly appreciated.

I realize that TechnoBulldog is not my actual name, but this really isn't that
formal of a license. Just give credit to TechnoBulldog if you want to credit
someone.

If you find any errors at all in my code or know of a better way to accomplish
a task, please let me know! I'm a bit more experienced than a beginner, but
I've still got a lot to learn, and if you think you can show me up, please do,
I'd love to know a better way of doing it!

If you need me for anything involving this, please do not email me (the one
I commit with is not checked often). Instead, message me on the Ogre3d forums.
http://www.ogre3d.org/forums/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=28548

I am a beginner, so you can expect some errors or incorrrect coding practices.
If you find a problem, I would love to find out what it is and learn from my
mistake. I'm putting this framework on the internet in hopes that this may
be able to help others with their programming in some way.

Made in with Ogre 1.7.1 using Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 Express Edition on
Windows 7. I cannot guarantee functionality on other systems.

-Contents- ---------- ---------- ----------

/Breezy/ - The framework, copy and paste this into your project folder.
/Media/ - Any media used in the samples. Only applies when using BreezySample.h
Main.cpp - Shows the basic Breezy sample. Create an empty project HERE and add this.
plugins.cfg - Ogre plugins file.
plugins_d.cfg - Ogre debug plugins file.
resources.cfg - Ogre resources list.
README - This file.

-Usage---- ---------- ---------- ----------

This framework requires Gorilla (or at least will soon....) It is written by
the amazing betajaen (Robin Southern). Gorilla can be found at the folling 
page: https://github.com/betajaen/gorilla Just copy and paste Gorilla.h
and Gorilla.cpp inside your Breezy folder.

Create a project here using Main.cpp and look in Breezy/BreezySample.cpp for help
using the different parts of the framework. bool Sample::Start() is the only function
you really need to look in. You will needto copy your DLLs into this folder or 
edit plugins.cfg and plugins_d.cfg and set the PluginFolder to your correct Ogre
bin. You will also need to make sure you add your Ogre and OIS includes and libs 
to the project or it will not compile. Make sure to add ogre/include and not
ogre/include/ogre and ogre/include/ois.

When including Breezy in your project, make sure you add all of the files to
your project. Breezy is not a linked library, it is distributed in source only.
If you do not add all of the files to your project, you will not be able to compile
correctly. If you choose to compile Breezy into a library, this will also solve
the problem.

-End------ ---------- ---------- ----------

If you've actually read this far, I'd like to thank you for your persistance. I probably
wouldn't have made it this far..... Anyways, thank you very much for you interest in my
work! Happy coding!
